@BRHTML:article
When KesieV asked me an article for #magazinetitle#, I was really unsure about what subject dealing with, because I am far from being an expert on web technology. But the theme of digital publishing suggested me a consideration about the new opportunities web could offer also to literary promulgation.
Everybody has the right of expression, the right to communicate in every personal way to other his own visions, bright and colourful or just grey scale ones.
Every man who desires sharing even one of his ideas, one of his deep feeling is like a thrower of stones over the sea. When the stone will meet the water, wonderful circles will spread from it. What a satisfaction if another could enjoy the show!
In the last years to all the throwers has been given a great chance, I guess, because with Internet it is born a free field of communication.
Blogging, social network, forum - everybody seems to have found his own little or big space to cry to other: "Hey, guys! Here I am!".
But IMHO there are still so many empty spaces to fill and literary expression must still find its new dimension, its new role in the Web era.
We are talking about a really different way of distribution from that of traditional press. Web it's not simply an easy or temporary solution, it is a brand new contest of relation with readers.
It allows a creative exploration of multimedia message that other arts, such as music, graphics, cinematic and so on, have already begun; it creates a more direct bond between writer and reader, where no external intermediary between literary work and its users has needed, if not readers taste or their pass the word.
It is dangerous, it is risky, but it is a simplification that will permit a purer connection and a real freedom of choice.
So I hope that soon literary world would be able to understand the chances given to it and to offer back something really innovative, maybe just using the great potential of #toolname# project by KesieV.
...And please let me know of any possible web original literary idea on Web, so that I could immediately change my opinion.
@TEXT:author
Bianca
@URL:whophoto
bianca.jpg
@BRHTML:whotitle
Bianca is Bianca Brenna
@BRHTML:whobio
Bianca is a literature lover and a wannabe writer.
When she met KesieV, she discovered the mysterious world of computer science, web space and videogame intense esperience.
Starting from these imagery fields, she had the idea to write a cyberpunk novel, which, when it will be done, will be free readable on Web.
And yes, first of all, she is KesieV's GF.